Discovery last March was caused in part by disregard of a "Do Not Operate" tag on a broken hoist, a NASA report said Thursday.
Although the Lockheed Space Operations Co.  was responsible for operation and maintenance of the work platform hoist that failed.
The investigation board said "this company inherited the system and a certain tradition of its misuse by NASA and its predecessor contractors."
The accident occurred March 8 when a cable in the hoist for a 2,500-pound mobile service platform broke and dropped the platform on Discovery's left-side payload bay door. 
It has punctured it in two places and injured a technician.
DETROIT - Former carmaker John De Lorean, accused of stealing millions of 
dollars from investors in his defunct sports car business.
It was found innocent yesterday of all charges of racketeering and fraud. 
On the sixth day of jury deliberations, the former General Motors executive
proclaimed "Praise God" and embraced his defense lawyers when the verdict was read in the U.S. District Court.
De Lorean, 61, in 1984 was acquitted of cocaine conspiracy charges after a sensational trial in Los Angeles.  
He had been accused of stealing at least $8.5 million from 140 investors in his car company, 
which briefly built gull-winged cars in Northern Ireland.
De Lorean, who has said he intended to announce a new car venture if cleared,
shook his head in relief and wiped tears from his eyes as the jury foreman responded "not guilty" for 15 findings.
The silver-haired De Lorean, who was indicted in September 1985 on charges that he stole investors' money through an elaborate scheme involving money transfers between European and U.S. banks and corporations, 
was defended by flamboyant Los Angeles lawyer Howard Wietzman, who won the businessman's acquittal on the drug charges.
Convicted computer criminal Justin Tanner Petersen was captured Monday in Los Angeles, 10 months after federal authorities said they discovered he had begun living a dual life as thier informant and an outlaw hacker.
Petersen, 34, was arrested about 3:30 a.m. outside a Westwood apartment
that FBI agnets had placed under surveillance, said Assistant U.S. Attorney David Schindler.
A flamboyant hacker known in the computer world as "Agent Steal," Petersen was being held without bail in the federal detention center in Los Angeles.
U.S. District Court Judge Stephen V. Wilson scheduled a sentencing hearing for Oct. 31.
A games publisher has won a lawsuit against the U.S. Secret Service and the 
federal government in a ground-breaking case involving computer publications and electronic mail privacy.
In a decision announced in Austin, Texas, on March 12, Judge Sam Sparks of the
federal district court for the Western District of Texas announced that the
case of Steve Jackson Games et al. versus the U.S. Secret Service and the 
United States Government has been decided for the plaintiffs.
The plaintiffs, which include Steve Jackson, the company he founded, and three
users of the company's bulletin board system (BBS), sued the government on 
claims that their statutory rights to electronic mail privacy had been violated when the BBS and other computers, disks and printouts were seized by the Secret Service as part of a computer crime investigation.  
These rights are protected under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA), which extended most of the protections of the federal Wiretap Act ("Title III") to electronic mail.